[2.10_stage] Omit `403` errors for link checker (#7946)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/install_upgrade/install_connected.adoc

* {ocp-short} 4.13 or later, must be deployed in your environment, and you must be logged into with the {ocp-short} CLI. See the following install documentation for {ocp-short}:

>   - link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/installation_overview/index/[{ocp-short} Installing]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/installation_overview/index/[Installation overview] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```
